Updated dev keys limitations (#8233)
auth0/docs: articles/connections/social/devkeys.md

When using any of the available [Social Identity Providers](/identityproviders#social), you need to register your application with the relevant Identity Provider in order to obtain a Client ID and Client Secret.

Auth0 allows you to test a Social Identity Provider without specifying your own Client ID and Client Secret by using Auth0 developer keys. This allows you to quickly enable and test a specific Social Identity Provider, but it should **not be used in production**. 

> Auth0 developer keys are not available in [Private Cloud deployments](https://auth0.com/docs/private-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth0 developer keys are not available in [Private Cloud deployments](/private-cloud).
```

The Auth0 developer keys are to be used for testing purposes so there are a few caveats you need to be aware of when using them. These may cause your application to behave differently - or some functionality to not work at all - depending on whether you use your own Client ID and Client Secret, or whether you use the Auth0 developer keys.

> When using the Auth0 developer keys, the authentication flow for the various Identity Providers could display Auth0's name, logo and information to your users. When you register your own application you have the opportunity to use your own logo and other application information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Auth0 developer keys, the authentication flow for the various Identity Providers will at times display Auth0's name, logo and information to your users. When you register your own application, you have the opportunity to use your own logo and other application information instead.
```

![Consent Screen](/media/articles/connections/social/devkeys/login-screen.png)

## Limitations of Developer Keys when using Classic Universal Login

If you are using the [Classic Universal Login experience](/universal-login/classic), these limitations also apply:

1. You cannot use developer keys with [custom domains](/custom-domains).

> 2. [Single Sign-on](/sso) will not function properly when using the Auth0 developer keys. The reason for this is that the Auth0 developer applications with all the relevant Identity Providers are configured to call back to the URL `https://login.auth0.com/login/callback` instead of the <dfn data-key="callback">callback URL</dfn> for your own tenant, for example `https://${account.namespace}/login/callback`.

Reviewer 2: update the bullets numeration
